docs: update usage guides and screenshot (#5472)
rotki/rotki: docs/usage_guide.rst

It is possible to reduce the animation effect in different parts of the app to improve the performance if needed. This will affect the quality of the animations but the user will get a better usage of the resources.

Alias name for addresses
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> By default, rotki will use alias name for blockchain addresses. You can choose to disable this feature. The alias name is obtained from ``ENS``, ``addressbook``, or ``blockchain account label`` and you also can change the order of priority.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, rotki will use an alias name for blockchain addresses if one can be found. You can choose to disable this feature. The alias name is obtained from ``ENS``, ``addressbook``, or ``blockchain account label`` and you also can change the order of resolution of that name.
```
